ROX-25216: S3 Compatible Backup Integration (#78737)
openshift/openshift-docs: integration/integrate-with-s3-api-compatible.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="integrate-with-s3-api-compatible"]

> = Integrating with S3 API Compatible Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Integrating with S3 API compatible services
```

Author: done

include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: integrate-with-s3-api-compatible

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title} can be integrated with an S3 API compatible provider to enable data backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} can be integrated with S3 API compatible services to enable data backups.
```

These backups can be used for data restoration in the case of an infrastructure disaster or corrupt data.
After integrating with the S3 API compatible provider, you can schedule daily or weekly backups and do manual on-demand backups.

The backup includes the entire {product-title} database, which includes all configurations, resources, events, and certificates.
Make sure that backups are stored securely.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> * This is not meant to be used with an Amazon S3. If you want to use an Amazon S3 please use the xref:integrate-with-amazon-s3.adoc#integrate-with-amazon-s3[Amazon S3] integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To backup to Amazon S3, please use the dedicated xref:integrate-with-amazon-s3.adoc#integrate-with-amazon-s3[Amazon S3] integration to ensure the best compatibility.
```

Author: done
